HOW CAN AFRICA BE A DEVELOPED COUNTRY FROM SCRATCH?

- AFRICA CAN BE A GREAT COUNTRY IF IT LIES ON THE OPEN SOURCE PRINCIPLE.
today open source projects build the world, they can also be applied to countries.

for example:
in Africa (in general): people suffer from hunger
the population is not that much compared to other countries like China or India, but we are in this situation because for unknown reasons we do not have
the necessary material or knowledge to cultivate the soil.
the food we eat come from individuals.

thanks to some telegram channels, national geographic and some youtube videos i was able to see how developed countries harverst the soil, i was also able
to see how people from underdeveloped countries also use materials at disposal to grow food. (the main problem we have is therefore lack of knowledge)

Africans have the soil, but we =lack knowledge=. An open source project in this case can therefore be usefull in case where generous persons around the
world who have enough knowledge on agricultural processes can share their methods in a repository devoter to ======AGRICULTURE IN UNDERDEVELOPED COUNTRIES=
among Africans they are who are willing to work but don't know how to do it.

the people that will share their knowledge will still receive 'coffee' from people that were helped in the same way as with software open source projects.
this will really improve Africans life and even the life of people living in any underdeveloped country.


this example can be applied to any sector of development in a country.

THERE IS THIS PUBLIC CHANNEL: world of technology on telegram (t.me/Wworld_technologY)
it is really fascinating to see what engineering is able to produce today, but in Africa people won't believe this type of things exist.


this project can be done very easily, progressively and as an amusement.
people are addicted to their cellphones nowadays and people like to proove others wrong, with these two characteristics we can make this project in the
form of an app, where people will discuss on topics according to their choosings and the goal will be to extract any good idea that they themselves will
vote, that is really a good idea and that is approved by experts (almost the same as stackoverflow and quora).
those beautifull ideas will then be put into a machine learning algorithm which will be able to notify anyone in case the person is facing that problem..

for example:
if people already discussed about the best way to solve a rubic cube, and the idea was approved by the community then if the app is installed in a
person's phone and that person is trying to solve a rubic cube for the first time, he/she has the possibility to check the app which will provide the 
best known option of the time. (This will signigically save people's time and effort wasted and make them concentrate on the discovery of new things)

This project will be vital in Africa otherwise we are going to collapse in this age where technology no more needs human labor..


(thoughts from an African believing in Africa development)
